TELCODOCS-1319: URGENT: Removing OSC content from OCP docs starting from 4.13… (#60931)
openshift/openshift-docs: sandboxed_containers/sandboxed-containers-moved.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="sandboxed-containers-moved"]
= {sandboxed-containers-first} documentation has been moved
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: sandboxed-containers-moved

> Starting from {product-title} 4.13, {sandboxed-containers-first} documentation has moved to a new location.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion for wording. 
```suggestion
Documentation for {sandboxed-containers-first} has moved to a new location. Refer to the following:
```
or
```suggestion
Starting from {product-title} 4.13, {sandboxed-containers-first} documentation has moved to a new location. Refer to the following:
```

Author: Updated.
